---
title: "Sayōnara"
date:   2018-06-26 16:56:00 +0200
cover: "https://picsum.photos/1600/800/?image=1071"
tags:
    - Relationships
    - Comfort Zone
    - Personal Brand
---

I've been very quite. A year's worth of quiet to be exact. I'm sorry. I'm still
here. I still plan on blogging, just a little differently now and maybe shorter
posts.

---

Writing is hard. Saying goodbye is harder. Writing to say goodbye, for me, is
downright a terrible combination.

People are like wood, drifting in the rivers of life. We stick together and
sometimes drift apart in times of heavy currents. Some confluences we reach in
our lives bring about spine-chilling adventures. This is where I courageously
doggy paddle with a thumping heart towards my next destination.

After spending 4 years at DStv it is with a heavy heart that I say goodbye to -
*friendly, smart, quirky, silly, funny, sometimes creepy (in a good way of
course!), extremely serious and very professional* - an array of different types
of characters whom I'll miss dearly. I wish you all the best!

With over 11 years of .NET experience I leap outside my comfort zone. I will be
writing code in a dialect of LISP. *A language I wanted to hack around in since 1999. Booya!*

That said, I leave the corporate world behind embarking on a **Clojurist**
voyage at [CloudAfrica](https://www.cloudafrica.net/) (a company that really
does do affordable cloud hosting). I am immensely anxious yet fired up by this
amazing opportunity I was given.

Let the games begin!

Kon'nichiwa &hearts;

---

*Fail! After I got this domain, only then did I Google its name. Obviously it is
being used by a few programmers. The funny thing is that I want to focus a lot
on Clojure here to document what I am learning along the way. What are the odds:
Juraj Martinka beat me to it being the author of [Curious (Clojure)
Programmer](https://curiousprogrammer.net/about/)? Sigh! But check it out, it's
pretty cool!*